add shot-noise to measurement (#392)
PennyLaneAI/catalyst: doc/dev/quick_start.rst

   :header-rows: 0

   * - :func:`qml.expval() <pennylane.expval>`

>      - The expectation value of all observables and finite-shots are supported.

Reviewer: Is this more accurate?
```suggestion
     - The expectation value of all observables is supported analytically, as well as with finite-shots except for Hermitian.
```

Reviewer 2: This is not true for all backend devices though. I added the details for each device to `runtime/README`.

Reviewer: I've updated the suggestion, how does that sound? The current formulation doesn't read that well.

Reviewer 2: Sounds good! I'll update it in other places too. Thanks :+1:

   :header-rows: 0

   * - :func:`qml.expval() <pennylane.expval>`
     - The expectation value of all observables and finite-shots are supported.
   * - :func:`qml.var() <pennylane.var>`
     - The variance of all observables and finite-shots are supported.
   * - :func:`qml.sample() <pennylane.sample>`
     - Samples in the computational basis only are supported.

>    * - :func:`qml.counts() <pennylane.counts>`

Reviewer 3: Does this unlock finite shots for probs as well?

Reviewer 2: yes, I've added it to README of the runtime. But, we didn't have any mention of this unsupported feature for `probs` in the quick start demo, so didn't update anything here.
